Are Animals different from humans, no doubt, animals and humans are way too different in various aspects. Humans are the only living beings on earth who have the freedom to make decisions for themselves. Animals do not enjoy such liberty. Animals live in a food chain, while humans do not follow any particular chain. There are many similarities and differences between them, lets discuss some of the differences. Humans belong to only one species which is know as homo sapiens while animals belong to number of species, Humans can eat both vegetarian and non-vegetarian food while there are many kinds of animals like carnivorous (Only eat meat), herbivorous (Only eat plants), or omnivorous (Can eat pants and meat) like humans. Humans have become much more advanced and know several ways to survive and sustain themselves. Animals do not have such survival techniques, and therefore, they are only dependent upon nature for food. We have the ability to speak the complex language, use our logic and intellect to reason. But animals only do their actions based on instincts. Well, it is interesting to note that both humans and animals primarily use their instincts to figure out certain things. So, we talk about there some differences, now let’s talk about the similarities such as Chimpanzees are quite the same as human beings as they have certain abilities as humans. Chimpanzees are considered as the smartest animals in the animal kingdom, Humans and Animal both are male, female or homosexual. Humans and animals have the ability to pick and choose their social groups. Just like humans, animals also choose their groups based on their preferences, both humans and animals depict their emotions through a tone or sound. Humans and animals have various differences, but they also have certain similarities. The differences and similarities are already mentioned above. Humans and animals are interdependent. If we pet animals, love them and provide them food, they will provide us affection, security, love, and care. Thus, both humans and animals have certain similarities, despite having several differences.
